docs: updating dockerhub links on localnet docs (#445)
algorandfoundation/algokit-cli: docs/features/localnet.md

## Supported operating environments

> We rely on official Algorand docker images for Indexer, Conduit and Algod, which means that AlgoKit LocalNet is supported on Windows, Linux and Mac on Intel and AMD chipsets (including Mac M1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We rely on the official Algorand docker images for Indexer, Conduit and Algod, which means that AlgoKit LocalNet is supported on Windows, Linux and Mac on Intel and AMD chipsets (including Apple Silicon).
```

If it's the first time running it on your machine then it will download the following images from DockerHub:

> - [`algorand/algod`](https://hub.docker.com/r/makerxau/algorand-sandbox-dev) (~500 MB)
> - [`algorand/indexer`](https://hub.docker.com/r/makerxau/algorand-indexer-dev) (~96 MB)
> - [`algorand/conduit`](https://hub.docker.com/r/makerxau/algorand-indexer-dev) (~98 MB)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`algorand/algod`](https://hub.docker.com/r/algorand/algod) (~500 MB)
- [`algorand/indexer`](https://hub.docker.com/r/algorand/indexer) (~96 MB)
- [`algorand/conduit`](https://hub.docker.com/r/algorand/conduit) (~98 MB)
```
